{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Peter is a man living in an apartment in Ohio and working for KFC. When taxes rolled around he refuses to pay. Now the Government keeps sending messages saying that he needs to pay the taxes of 2700 dollars or legal action will be taken. Most normal people will pay someone to make sure it is correct or pay it or write a decent reason why they can't but Peter is an idiot and does nothing. After a while the police knock on his door and Peter tells them to get lost. Time passes and he goes to court for tax evasion. Peter's lawyer is also an idiot and the judge sentences him to 4.5years and a fine of 100 grand which he obviously doesn\'92t have. His cell consisted of chipped grey cement with a stained mattress and a grey bed. Peter wants to escape but his intellect is very limited so after lunch of chipped beef and goop in his tray he steals a fork and stabs a guard. The guard gets shocked by what sort of idiot would try to kill someone with a fork but an idiot with a fork is no longer an idiot. So Peter jumps in the sewer.He meets a bunch of frogs and stinky water. So Peter, still with his fork, decides to exit through the opening of a random sewer grate. There he finds a park with people looking at him in horror as they recognise the orange suit. Peter takes no notice and runs to his apartment or atleast trys to. Unfortunately or fortunately, whichever you think is appropriate, he gets hit by a bus.He doesnt wake up and his will is used to pay for his debt so his family are unhappy. Peter does not have any debt.}